Guest Entrance and Exit
·       All guests will enter through our front door at the bar and check in with the host. If there are guests in line please maintain social distance. Il Nido has two other exits available when leaving the restaurant, please use these exits to help in social distancing. Our staff will instruct each guest on departure protocols. 

Guest Seating and Reservation Protocol

·       Il Nido has two general seatings at 5-5:15pm and 7:45-8pm. 
·       We will be seating on party at a time and all guest temperatures will be taken upon entrance of the restaurant. 

Guest Payment Protocol

·       Guest payment will happen generally the same as before but with some added safety measures.
·       Check will be dropped in our regular white box check presenter with the bill.
·       After guest(s) places payment server will pick up the presenter box and return to POS to run payment.
·       Credit Card, pen and payment slips are then placed in large payment trays with sanitizer spray and or sanitizer towelettes. Once back at the table server will sanitize CC(s) and give them back to the guests and recommend that they sanitize them again (each table will have a sanitizer spray bottle at it during service).
·       Guests can sign CC slips and leave in large payment tray. Servers will take tray away, sanitize pens and tray and close checks as you go. Do not leave checks open, servers must close as you go.
Guest Mask and Temperature Protocol
·       All guests will be required to wear masks when not at their table.
·       Guests must wear masks when entering the restaurant, going to the bathroom and when leaving the restaurant.
·       All guests will be required to have their temperature taken upon entering the restaurant.
·       If a guest is above the temperature threshold we will assist in rescheduling their reservation.

Our dinner menu is a four course tasting menu set at $115 per person. Our menu reflects seasonal changes and there are two choices per course as well as four dessert choices. There is an optional wine pairing at $30 per person. 

In order to maintain social distancing and safety for our guests and staff members our first seating will be finished at 7:30pm to that the restaurant can be cleaned and sanitized for the 2nd seating. All guests must depart the restaurant by 7:30pm. 

We ask that our guests provide the names of their guests and any allergies or dietary restrictions. 